# This-Website-Is-Terrible

First project for the Code Institute Full Stack Developer course.

A tongue-in-cheek approach to a a mental health awareness website. The user transforms an intentionally bad website into a more positive and helpful one. In much the same way that pressure-washing a dirty patio is a cathartic and enjoyable experience, so too is the process of transforming this website into something better.

Features include:
- Swapping out text content
- Swapping out images
- Fixing colours
- Fixing layout
- adding useful links
- embedded video in interactive popover modals

Given the stage of the course, I have intentionally avoided the use of Javascript for this so **all interactivity is done through HTML and CSS only**.

## Key Objectives

- Ultimately produce a visually clean and informative website
- responsive design at all times, irrespective of user-selected options
- showcase some advanced CSS techniques

## UX Design

### User Stories

- AS A Site User, I WANT TO navigate easily through the website SO THAT I CAN find the information I need.
- AS A Site User, I WANT TO understand the goal of the website immediately upon arrival SO THAT I CAN get a visual understanding of its purpose
- AS A visitor, I WANT TO access relevant external links SO THAT I CAN find additional resources and information on mental health and wellbeing.
- AS A visitor, I WANT TO read short paragraphs on simple mental health strategies SO THAT I CAN easily understand and implement them in my daily life.
- AS A user, I WANT TO subscribe to a newsletter SO THAT I CAN receive regular updates on mental health tips.
- AS a visitor, I WANT TO identify bad mental health strategies SO THAT I CAN understand the differences and make better choices for my wellbeing.
- AS a visitor, I WANT TO see highlights of good and bad website design for mental wellbeing SO THAT I CAN understand the impact of design choices on user experience and mental health.

### Wireframes

Wireframes were created using Balsamiq and can be found here: TODO

## Colours

--color-body: #64c5cc;
--color-primary: rgb(0, 41, 61);
--color-primary-ghost: rgba(0, 41, 61, .3);
--color-secondary: #1f6831;
--color-secondary-hover: #397f46;

## Fonts

For the "good" version of the page, I used the `Roboto` font-family for the body of the page. This is a clean and modern sans-serif font that is easy to read and looks professional. For the masthead of the page I used `Fira Sans` as it provided a nice contrast to the body font.

On the "bad" version of the page, I used `Creepster` for the masthead as it seemed wholly inappropriate given the subject matter. For the body I used a monospace font called `Nova Mono` to make the page harder to read.

## Imagery

For the "good" version of the page, I utilised Dall-E to create a series of low-poly images of relaxing scenery. I felt this was most approporiate as it avoids the uncanny valley of generating images of real people or real settings.

For the "bad" version of the page, Dall-E was used to create images that were intentionally jarring and unpleasant. This was to create a stark contrast between the two versions of the page. In this process I have discovered that Dall-E will suspend my account if I generate images it feels may possibly be offensive.

I was banned for the following images:
- a clown sharpening its teeth
- a dumpster fire in a serene setting

I also discovered that Dall-E will simply refuse to generate images of meat. Instead it will generate images of fruit or vegetables.


## Content

All text-content was written by ChatGPT and edited by myself. The text was generated in a single pass and then edited for clarity and relevance.

I could not simply ask ChatGPT to generate the text for the "bad" version of the website as it tries very hard not to give incorrect or harmful advice, instead I had to trick it by feeding it the "good" version and asking it to provide the opposite advice.

Relevant external links were generated by https://www.perplexity.ai/ and edited for relevance. I found that ChatGPT had a tendency to simply make them up.

## Code Samples

The options for the page have been stored in a series of checkboxes in a hidden div at the top of the page. For example:


```html
<div id="hidden_options">
    <input type="checkbox" id="bad_images" checked>
    ...
</div>
```

From there the options can be accessed using the `:has` pseudo-class in CSS. For example, the following is the code to change the colour of the toggle switch for the "bad_images" option:

```css
#options label>span:after {
    content: 'toggle_on';
    display: inline-block;
    vertical-align: middle;
    font-size: 40px;
    font-weight: 900;
    cursor: pointer;
    color: green;
}

body:has(#bad_images:checked) #options label[for="bad_images"]>span:after {
    content: 'toggle_off';
    color: red;
}
```

Some options depend on the state of current options, for this I used the descendant sibling selector (`~`) within the `:has` pseudo-class. For example, the following code further adjusts the word spacing depending on whether a monospace font is `:not` being used:

```css
/* fix for when non-mono fonts are used */
body:has(#bad_text_spacing:checked ~ #bad_fonts:not(:checked)) footer,
body:has(#bad_text_spacing:checked ~ #bad_fonts:not(:checked)) .card {
    word-spacing: -.3ch;
}
```
